docs: start arc42 architecture docs (#731)
GenSpectrum/dashboards: docs/arc42/07-deployment-view.md

# Deployment View

The dashboards are deployed on the staging and production servers of GenSpectrum.
Every commit builds a Docker image of the backend and the website.

> Those Docker images are deployed via Docker compose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker images are then deployed via Docker compose.
```
